It appears to be a jutsu where a seed-like clone
parasitizes a life form with chakra and feeds on its host's chakra.
So that's why you didn't notice it.
Most likely a ninjutsu of the Akatsuki we saw at the meeting.
And what about the other one who has been following us all along?
He continues to tail us.
Probably the Byakugan user from the Hidden Mist.
Him?
There.
It would be a stroke of luck if he falls for this.
Your traps are special. It'll work.
Dead or alive, make sure you gouge out his right eye.
Yes, sir!
Kisame Hoshigaki, pleased to meet you after the fact.
Kisame Hoshigaki, eh?
Ink in your mouth…
The rumors are true. You really are an octopus brat.
I’m gonna make you weep! You sharky creep!
A Tailed Beast Cloak with only seven chakra tails…
Does this mean you're going to get serious?
Did you know?
Know what?
Octopi eat sharks!
The sword dodged on its own!
Bee!
That sword sucked out Bee's chakra again
and has grown even bigger!
This time, the shark shall devour the octopus.
That sword Samehada's got a big appetite and it's a speed-eater,
but it looks like it can only devour six tails' worth of chakra at one time.
If that's the situation with this version,
then my next version should do the trick.
Samehada has never grown this big before.
Its delight is not trivial either.
What'll we do, Bee?
I'll help. Enter Tailed Beast State!
Judging from the markings, Ao went this way.
Let us hurry.
Yes, ma'am!
Tailed Beast vs. The Tailless Tailed Beast
Take care of my body, Torune.
A booby trap. It must be Danzo's.
CURSE
Why am I seeing my own body?!
Gotcha.
What's going on?
You are under my Mind Transfer Puppet Curse Jutsu.
Damn it! Was this a curse-type Mind Transfer Jutsu
that activates itself when the object is attacked?!
Your mind is now sealed inside that puppet.
And I am in possession…
of your body.
Damn it. It's useless.
Forget it.
That is a Barrier Ninjutsu that only us Hidden Mist Black Ops,
the Shinobi Tracking Unit, can undo.
My Byakugan is precious, the only one that the Mist possesses.
Do not think that you'll be able to reclaim it easily.
So it self-activates when the eye is at risk, eh?
A fitting jutsu coming from you guys,
also known as the Undertaker Squad.
I don't expect it to be easy.
Taking your eye means that I, as the jutsu caster, will lose my own eye.
You know that.
So it's Danzo's orders?
Just what does he think of his subordinates?
If the Mist's military power becomes greatly diminished because of it,
losing one of my eyes is a cheap price to pay.
Though, thanks to your barrier, it's not going to happen at this rate.
But there are plenty of other options.
Enter Tailed Beast State, Bee!
No way, fool, ya fool!
An attack with you would be way too huge
and would destroy the area.
Master Kin and Ponta are here with us, don't forget!
Besides, I finally managed to sneak off under the radar.
If I let you out, it'll be like announcing that Killer Bee is here!
It's not like you to make excuses, Bee!
So what'll you do? Fight in Version 2 State?
Oh yeah.
‘Cept most of my chakra got taken away during those last few exchanges,
so lend me yours.
If it weren't for me, you'd have lost a long time ago.
Ya sure got a cheeky personality,
but I'm still grateful for your hospitality, yeah!
Huh?
Going into a Tailed Beast State, eh?
No, this is a Tailed Beast's power trapped in a humanoid form.
It's Version 2 State!
Lariat!
Samehada is so excited it's tripping out.
The chakra earlier is nothing compared to this volume and quality.
I'm amazed he can control this much chakra without losing his mind.
There's no way to devour this much chakra.
You did it!
I can't believe I was reduced back to Version 1 State.
He's still alive! Hurry and finish him!
You've sure done it.
What is that?!
The stronger my opponent, the stronger I become.
I do not tire.
I do not fall.
So his blade steals his enemy's chakra
and transfers it to its master in the form of stamina?
And that's why I'm called the Tailless Tailed Beast.
Water Style: Super Exploding Water Shock Wave!
What do you plan to do?
I'm simply going to jump down and behead you.
If I can't remove your eye,
then I'll just have to take your entire head back to the Leaf with me.
You're going to kill yourself?
No. I'll undo this Mind Transfer Jutsu just before the blade cuts your neck.
Either way, you'll die.
And I, back in my body, can retrace my steps here to grab your head.
Fine. Just make sure you're careful.
Or else you'll fail.
What do you mean?
Because if you get nervous and release that jutsu an instant too soon,
I'll defend myself from your sickle!
If I'm not dead,
the tables will be turned when you come to get my head.
Remember that.
Saved.
What happened?
I was caught in the enemy's jutsu and couldn't move my body.
If you hadn't come, I would be dead.
That was a very close call.
I'm sorry I made you worry.
Couldn't move?
It must have been a genjutsu or something.
It was a type of Mind Transfer Jutsu.
Your right eye…
The enemy was after the Byakugan, weren't they?
They almost succeeded in smashing it.
I'm sorry, but can you untie me?
Of course.
I'll also undo that jutsu protecting your right eye.
Thank you, that will help.
What is that?
No!
He hasn't undone the Mind Transfer Jutsu yet!
She fell for it.
If the Mizukage can undo the jutsu protecting this right eye,
I couldn't ask for anything better.
I can destroy the Byakugan and then undo the Mind Transfer Jutsu.
He must be that Sensory-Type ninja! This was his plan all along!
No, Lady Mizukage!
This should do.
Lady Mizukage?
Lend me your Hiramekarei, Chojuro.
Huh?
You are not Ao.
I cannot undo the jutsu on that right eye.
Ao knows that well.
Besides, Ao would never apologize to Chojuro.
You played me… you sly old vixen—
Ow!
I-I wasn't the one who said that…ma'am.
Oh, you're back to normal.
I'll kill him! That Sensory-Type Hidden Leaf ninja!
It's a good thing she didn't use the Hiramekarei on you, sir.
Foo.
Well?
Forgive me, sir. I have failed.
It cannot be helped.
The longer this battle drags on,
the more chakra will be shaved from you and the greater you will weaken.
And I'll grow proportionately stronger.
Bee! You must take his sword away!
That sword is the key to his strength!
That's if you can pull it off my body.
He merged with his sword?!
He's like a fish that became a man.
Or is it a man that's half fish?
That's too much explaining! He's half fish, half man!
Here I come!
At this rate, both Master Kin and Ponta will drown.
First, we have to get out of the water!
You cannot escape this Water Style Jutsu.
I have the advantage in this location right now.
I can't see the boundary! So much water! So crazy!
Bee! Behind you!
These circumstances are hunky-dory! I won't be taken down, sorry!
This isn't the time for your lame rapping!
The water bubble is in motion
and that half-fish guy is at the center!
Pay attention!
And he's faster under water than we are!
Plus he's half fish, so he probably breathes through gills!
Just running away is gonna get us killed.
So what'll we do?
Akatsuki's target is you, Bee!
Leave that enka geezer and the raccoon
and run in a different direction!
He's definitely gonna come after you.
I see. That way, those two can…
Right! While he's pursuing you, the water will move with him.
Then those two can get out of the water.
All right! Now come this way!
What?!
I must capture the Eight-Tails alive,
but there's no rule against killing these two!
I ain't letting that happen, ya fool!
Wha—?!
I got you!
Suction pads?!
Gotcha!
No way will you keep taking my chakra.
Fool, ya fool!
You really are worthy of being called the perfect Jinchuriki.
To be able to change just one part of yourself into your Tailed Beast is impressive.
All right, they're out.
You seem to be having trouble breathing.
It was a good idea, but as long as you're touching me,
you'll continue losing chakra.
I can see why Samehada can't contain his excitement.
He has discovered his favorite kind of chakra.
No one in the Akatsuki is as good as I am at taking prey alive.
This Water Prison Shark Dance Jutsu is so much fun
because I can probe the amount of chakra to shave
until you're just on the verge of death.
I must admit to failing once in a while.
I guess I have to use Lariat again. I just have to time it right.
Don't!
You can't beat him underwater!
That last attempt with the octopus leg put him on guard.
Just make a run for it!
Use that!
Ink… A smokescreen.
You are an octopus, after all.
However…
With my body merged with Samehada, I can detect chakra through my skin.
It seems you'll run out of chakra soon.
Bee…
I'm coming…Bee!
The Eight-Tails turned out to be rather disappointing too.
I can't chance you squirming around
and going into a Tailed Beast State again.
So I'm going to cut off your legs as a precaution.
He took most of my chakra too!
Damn it! Get up, Bee!
We're in a real bind!
Though, my blade doesn't cut cleanly!
What's the matter?
Don't tell me you've become attached to the Eight-Tails.
You like his chakra that much, Samehada?
That was chakra you took from me!
Very well. Shall we exchange weapons then?
This sword…
It looks like it has a nice, sharp edge!
Now!
A pencil?!
Too bad.
Definitely too bad.
So that was your plan, eh?
Sorry we're late, Bee.
Brother…
Raikage? How did you find us?
That mass of water you created was quite visible.
And I perceived Bee and the Eight-Tails' chakra mixed inside it.
You really went to town sucking up someone else's chakra
and using it for yourself.
It was so obvious.
Guess you found us, after all.
That Samehada… It's giving the Eight-Tails more chakra!
Let's do it.
Okay, Brother.
Water Style: Super Shark Bomb—
— Double Lariat! — Double Lariat!
I must say, you two are too fast.
Brother…
No!
Wandering around by yourself!
Even ya non-dominant arm does me a lot o' harm! Sound da alarm!
This is also a battle to protect you.
Naruto… You said you would one day become Hokage.
I became Kazekage.
If you made the decision to shoulder the name of Kage,
then you must do what is necessary as Sasuke's friend.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "As One's Friend"
I will protect you with my life.
Tune in again!